# Eagle Army 3488 Docs
---
The following is a rough outline of how documentation is going to be layed out, as well as just general broad planning for what is to come of this website. These are all notes typed prior to first meeting on discord.

## Current questions regarding the direction of this project and site
---
- What should be the goal of this project once it is complete?
- What should be the overall focus of this documentation? 
    - How low level of an overview should these notes provide towards users?
- How do we differentiate this piece of documentation from the FRC Docs? After all, the FRC Docs are a great place to get anything done and that's where I learned a lot of what I know how to do today. There has to be a line though between actually creating docs that are useful, versus just docs that are literal carbon one to one copies of docs that already exist as a fantastic resource
    - I think this is the biggest challenge of this site because while we can create our own documentation, most of our knowledge, well, literally stems from another piece of documentation. So there has to be a distinct, clear, and useful way in which this site is able to differentiate itself from the main FRC docs that users will probably find themselves using more often than not
- We need to be able to list out some specific topics that will be covered.
- And then probably outline of each year's code and some corresponding documentation would also help out
- Demos of certain concepts such as PID?
- A good idea is that these docs can start as a point of reference of where to look for specific information and just detailed information about the code that we created in the past few years
- ***Key point: Determine the goal and objective of this documentation, and balance everything else from there.***
- Ideas for goals / overarching purpose of these docs
    - Provide a high level overview of how to approach programming from a beginner's perspective
    - Provide insight into more complicated topics and concepts that the frc docs don't give as much background on or that might be useful, e.g. pathfinding, computer vision, field-oriented drive, etc
    - Specifically document code written between 2019 - 2023 (and subsequent years should add their own documentation for each year)
    - Provide a guide for how programmers can start off coming from absolutely nothing so future members can start in an okay spot rather than from nothing at all-
        - Something general to note about this: The main deficiency that's been happening year to year is that when I (James) leave or someone else with a lot of background and knowledge graduates, all that information and technical know how of the team suddenly vanishes along with it. Why? Because there's no documentation. So basically, documentation needs to be a way for experienced members to *leave behind* that technical know how and information for future members to use so that the team isn't left with nothing at all.
        - So with this in mind... let's reframe where we needs these notes to sorta go.
    - Documentation should act as a stepping stone for future members of the team to work from so they aren't left behind with nothing.
    - Documentation should have a focus on being able to start off members who know little to nothing in a spot where they can feel comfortable with what they're working with
        - This then eliminates just being able to just document code from each individual year. While this may be beneficial, as well as showing a progression with each indiviudal design choice that was made year to year to incrementally improve the robot's capabilities as well as just overall structure for maintainability, we need to be able to help a member out who might not know anything at ALL about programming.
        - Granted, this doesn't mean that we really have to start off right at basic basics. Maybe some assistance with navigating VSCode, getting used to installing stuff and knowing what libraries will typically be worked with might be helpful, but at the same time, each small little detail doesn't necessarily have to be outlined here. The actual FRC docs exist for that. Although some tips and guidelines would be helpful, as well as a high level outview that members can use to reference down the line just for a quick "to do" on knowing what to do and when for the set up process and all.
    - Documentation should:
        - Be able to get a member who knows next to nothing up to speed with how to program for FRC
        - Provide a high level overview for basic tasks and maintaincance that comes with being a programmer, e.g. radios, firmware, installation and setup of Driver Station, potentially worrying about electronics, etc
        - Provide high level overview guides for these tasks without getting too detailed, acting as a resource for members to cross check just as a quick glance
        - Provide background on more technical pieces of code, e.g. pathfollowing, characterization (not exactly code), computer vision, field oriented drive, etc
        - (Emphasis on high level it seems)
        - Provide resources on where to look and go when more information is needed

## Guidelines (notes from here on forward may be redudant)
---
First, some random thoughts.

In order to create good, effective documentation, I think there should be a few things to note. Namely, there needs to be a clear direction and objective of where we want this documentation to go, otherwise without a direction, we cannot take this project anywhere. Understanding what to do backend, frontend, and what information needs to exist is one thing, but trying to create and establish a project as a whole is a far different endeavor.

Good documentation needs to be understandable and easy to use. It should be an actual resource and it shouldn't be painful having to look through it to find what you need. It should be usable! With code examples, explanations and all that fun stuff. It should be a helpful tool that developers and members can use with legitimate benefit. (As an added bonus, it should be maintainable by members as well so that they're able to add more information as more is accumulated.)


## Technical details
---
- Backend / Frontend: Material Mkdocs
  - Why? Because markdown is easy to use, there's a lot of feature for annotating and adding a lot of neat stuff to documents, and it looks really pretty. Not to mention, we can host on GitHub pages which takes out a lot of the overhead that comes with paying for a domain name, safely hosting a website, and worrying about uptime. Have GitHub handle it all for us.