# Timeline Ideas
---
In theory, it should be possible to make and finalize some section ideas pretty early on for what we want to do and make and tackle. If we were to come up with and finalize a list of sections and topics we wanted to tackle-- In theory, it would be possible to then assign all three of us to one given "large" section per week, and then work through all the relavent sub sections required for it. This would then mean weekly meetings could be dedicated to simply planning out and structuring a given "large" section and finalizing all the separate smaller sections we'd want to add, and then assigning each smaller section to certain people. And then we're able to sorta move together as a group and each weekly milestone ends up being "oh, okay, we've finished this section for the week, now we can move on to a new section". Just a small thought ^^

# Things to cover
- Is everyone okay with the current directory layout with the weekly notes and the timeline?
- Any other ideas for layout and organization of our project and meeting notes?
- How do we organize for sections within the actual things we'll be writing
- Tweaks / Ideas for timeline
- Categories, cleaning up list and coming up with a reasonable list
- Anything else needed for the `README.md`?
- Homepage? (And probably category homepages as well)
- Running through modification of `mkdocs.yml`
- Adding an extra file for feature requests and ideas to expand how we can work with our notes? (Basically just a random markdown file where we can all throw in ideas on how we can improve stuff with documentation e.g. formatting, structuring, maybe something neat that looks cool or useful that we can incoorporate, etc)
- Discussion on how us typing together individual sections will potentially work out- To some degree this will sorta be like, well, everyone's working on their own section of some sort of report or project in google docs and sometimes you can tell who did what part and while that's fine, I think some degree of consistency between each person's part would probably help in keeping the documentation remain cohesive for anyone to understand.
- Can we give ourselves a list of guidelines while writing? E.g. Remember your audience is incoming freshmen who know nothing, if it's confusing to you it's confusing to them, remember to be concise, etc. Just small notes like that, or basically a condensed version of those initial goals we put out of ourselves