# Last Minute Planning

## New Timeline

## Misc. Notes
- 3 Week Sprint
- ~Jul 25 - August 12, 19ish days, with the 12th being my last day (unless we extend a bit further)
- Need to figure out the following:
    - What sections do we ABSOLUTELY need?
    - What sections can be omitted?
    - What's a realistic timeframe and/or workflow for drafting, proofing, and then finally committing each section / page? Need something fast but effective so we can keep moving without having to worry about whether or not something is done, good enough or whatnot. Goal here is to keep moving as muhc as possible
    - Division of labor

- Bigger personal issue here: This is a task that if we want to rush in the next coming weeks, requires a decent bit of attention. And this is attention that I, personally, do not know if I have right now. There's other things for me to worry about at the moment between:
  - Packing
  - Shopping
  - Speccing out rig
  - Finishing Protogen
  - Hopefully finishing sword
  - Reviewing for exam
  - ...a lot of packing and making sure that we have everything purchased
- What if we devised a... sort of grouping and rolling deployment sort of approach? So we basically just write one category per day and each category stands on its own while being entirely minimalistic and still potentially being beneficial.
  - Better yet... what if we made this a sort of blog, so to speak? So we're given free reign to type and put in code snippets as we see fit and explain things as we go along. That could potentially work. Then it can all sorta be written as a rolling release, Gwen can write her parts, I can write mine, Ollie can proof and then they can just be published one by one. This also offers some long term flexibility in being able to add on additional info as well if we don't finish in time, rather than having a very static site where, so and so section goes here with these subcategories, and then a different section will be predetermined with a set list of other categories.
  - This is especially because a lot of things are becoming, a lot looser with how we're going to approach things because we can't really go super in depth with a lot of this writing at this point which, sucks but sorta makes sense.
- I do think there's definitely some benefit to keeping a more dynamic approach rather than a static one... then again it's not like me cutting out a bunch of categories and having us go one by one with categories is super static either. Can always add or remove subcategories.
- editing this because I don't know why things aren't being rebuilts, github work plz